Stepping back, data warehouses are needed to make informed business decision.
So what are some of the major use cases of data warehouses?
Multiple databases across the organization,
large databases, and lots of historical data.
Data warehouses are best for data mining in such scenarios.
For use cases such as market research analysis,
when large volumes of data is needed to do in-depth analysis,
and multiple dimensions of data help,
data warehouses fit the bill.
User behavior analysis could be another use case for data warehouses.
Again, large volume of data is needed,
and data is needed from multiple sources.